Split intro into sections (#1009)
opensafely/documentation: docs/data-builder-quick-start.md

> There are 3 components that need to be added to a project to use 
> Databuilder. These are:

Reviewer: nit:

```suggestion
There are three components that need to be added to a project to use 
Data Builder. These are:
```

1. Add Data Builder to a `project.yaml`
2. Add a Dataset definition

> 3. Specify a dummy data file. 

Reviewer: question: I wrote this section early on as a placeholder.

There are now several ways of running Data Builder, even with the OpenSAFELY CLI:

1. `opensafely run <action>`
2. `opensafely exec databuilder …`

Which one should we be advocating? Probably the one that's already documented, maybe?

This page probably needs linking to somewhere that describes running an OpenSAFELY project.

> ### Adding to project.yaml

Reviewer: suggestion: All the headers on this page should be promoted up one level; this page was taken from a subsection of a page.

```suggestion
## Adding to project.yaml
```

The `project.yaml` below is a minimal example that only runs Data
Builder. 

We define an action, in this case, `generate_dataset` with specific configuration. 
There is more information on projects here - which are common to all OpenSAFELY 
projects. 

Specifically here we need to add:

- `--dataset-definition` - this indicates where the dataset definition file is 
- `--dummy-data-file` - this indicate the path of the dummy data file

```yaml title="Minimal Data Builder project YAML example"
version: '3.0'

actions:

  generate_dataset:
    run: >
      databuilder:v0 generate_dataset
        --dataset-definition analysis/dataset_definition.py
        --dummy-data-file dummy_data.csv
        --output output/dataset.csv
    outputs:
      highly_sensitive:
        dataset: output/dataset.csv
```
#### Versioning

In the `project.yaml` above, the version of Data
Builder was explicitly specified.

Data Builder uses [semantic versioning](https://semver.org/). Data
Builder releases use version numbers of the format `vMAJOR.MINOR.PATCH`

> — for example, `v0.1.2` would have a major version of `v0`.

Reviewer: suggestion: Keep this sentence and/or link to the versioning page that's been added in this PR.

### Adding a Dataset definition
This is the dataset defined in ehrQL. There are sections and a tutorial 
on how to specify the dataset in the ehrQL sections. Below is the basic 
example.

---8<-- 'examples/src-minimal-ehrql.md'

### Add a dummy data file
This is a CSV file of the dummy data to use with databuilder. It needs to 
be placed at the path specified above. 

> 

Reviewer: suggestion: We should have a separate page that describes generating data with Data Builder, and link to that.
